Add support code for auth/ldap root autorotation (#29535)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/auth/ldap.mdx

- `enable_samaccountname_login` `(bool: false)` - (Optional) Lets Active Directory
  LDAP users log in using `sAMAccountName` or `userPrincipalName` when the
  `upndomain` parameter is set.

> - `rotation_period` `(string/int)` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline /> Specifies the amount of time Vault should
>   wait before rotating the root credential. The minimum is 5 seconds.  Uses [duration
>   format strings](/vault/docs/concepts/duration-format). Mutually exclusive
>   with `rotation_schedule`.
> - `rotation_schedule` `(string)` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline /> A cron-style string that will define the
>   schedule on which root rotations should occur. This should be a "standard"
>   [cron-style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) string made of five fields
>   of which each entry defines the minute, hour, day of month, month, and day of
>   week respectively. For example, a value of `0 0 * * SAT` will set rotations
>   to occur on Saturday at 00:00. Mutually exclusive with `rotation_period`.
> 
>   ~> **Warning**: The `rotation_period` and `rotation_schedule` fields are
>   mutually exclusive. One of them must be set but not both.
> 
> - `rotation_window` `(string/int)` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline /> Specifies the amount of time in which the
>   root rotation is allowed to occur starting from a given `rotation_schedule`. If
>   the root credential is not rotated during this window, due to a failure or
>   otherwise, it will not be rotated until the next scheduled rotation. The
>   minimum is 1 hour. Uses [duration format strings](/vault/docs/concepts/duration-format).
>   Optional when `rotation_schedule` is set and disallowed when `rotation_period`
>   is set.
> - `disable_automated_rotation` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline /> Cancels all upcoming rotations
>   of the root credential until unset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rotation_period` `(string: "0")` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  The amount of time, in [duration format](/vault/docs/concepts/duration-format),
  Vault should wait before rotating the root credential. A zero value tells Vault
  not to rotate the token. The minimum rotation period is 5 seconds. **You must
  set one of `rotation_period` or `rotation_schedule`, but cannot set both**.
- `rotation_schedule` `(string: "")` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  The schedule, in [cron-style time format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron),
  defining the schedule on which Vault should rotate the root token. Standard
  cron-style time format uses five fields to define the minute, hour, day of
  month, month, and day of week respectively. For example, `0 0 * * SAT` tells
  Vault to rotate the root token every Saturday at 00:00. **You must set one of
  `rotation_schedule` or `rotation_period`, but cannot set both**.
- `rotation_window` `(string: "0")` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />
  The maximum amount of time, in
  [duration format](/vault/docs/concepts/duration-format), allowed to complete
  a rotation when a scheduled token rotation occurs. If Vault cannot rotate the
  token within the window (for example, due to a failure), Vault must wait to
  try again until the next scheduled rotation. The default rotation window is
  unbound and the minimum allowable window is 1 hour. **You cannot set a rotation
  window when using `rotation_period`**.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, limit use of asides
